welcome to another Knight Rider video
guys today we're going to do camera
obscura
as she can see and let's jump right into
it so you can read the dialogue I think
it's not a big deal it's all bit tedious
I'm sad that they didn't take this
dialogue and actually you know let them
speak it I mean small time expensive so
so here we go the mood for some Knight
Rider yes we are yes we are oh it's a
terrible game I now let's get to that
bag kit
and I'm switching between
I've left so
this tech is
the game
I would all pass
okay we're here let's scan for clues
yes
animation they
Michael someone is remotely downloading
the data store to my god that's down to
the process so that's why no clues were
ever found
can you trace where the signals coming
from yes I've located it displaying
let's get over there before all the
data's lost
it's a really touchy car I've driven
this with a steering
much more natural
papania
success might yet
a long way from laughs
they should
I trace the data transmission to the car
back there he has the information we
want a commission we'll deal with him
later
first please buddy
demolition derby against
or wrong
we
this
just crap
game
mission successful oh that was easy
well now we'll get a cutscene I guess if
perhaps doesn't hey preps didn't shut
down we don't get a cutscene either